Update the integrate with frontend docs (#913)
encoredev/encore: docs/how-to/integrate-frontend.mdx

```

Adding this as a script to your `package.json` is often a good idea to be able to run it whenever a change is made to your Encore API:

```
{
...
"scripts": {
    ...
    "generate-client:staging": "encore gen client <ENCORE-APP-ID> --output=./src/client.ts --env=staging",
    "generate-client:local": "encore gen client <ENCORE-APP-ID> --output=./src/client.ts --env=local"
  },
}
```

After that you are ready to use the request client in your code. Here is an example from the [Meeting Notes tutorial](https://encore.dev/docs/tutorials/meeting-notes) for calling the `GetNote` endpoint on the `note` service in order to retrieve a specific meeting note (which has the properties `id`, `cover_url` & `text`):

```ts
import Client, { Environment, Local } from "src/client.ts";

// Making request to locally running backend...
const client = new Client(Local);
// or to a specific deployed environment
const client = new Client(Environment("staging"));

// Calling APIs as typesafe functions 🌟
const response = await client.note.GetNote("note-uuid");
console.log(response.id);
console.log(response.cover_url);
console.log(response.text);
```

> More information on client library generation can be found here: https://encore.dev/docs/develop/client-generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more in the [client generation docs](/docs/develop/client-generation).
```

> ## REST vs GraphQL
> Encore allows for building backends using both REST and GraphQL, you should pick the approach that fits your use case best.
> 
> Take a look at our [GraphQL tutorial](https://encore.dev/docs/tutorials/graphql) for an example of building a GraphQL backend with Encore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## REST vs. GraphQL
Encore allows for building backends using both REST and GraphQL, you should pick the approach that suits your use case best.

Take a look at the [GraphQL tutorial](/docs/tutorials/graphql) for an example of building a GraphQL backend with Encore.
```

> ## Handeling CORS
> If you are running into CORS issues when calling your Encore API from your frontend then you may need to specify which
> origins are allowed to access your API (via browsers). You do this by specifying the `global_cors` key in the `encore.app`
> file, which has the following structure:
> 
> ```json
> global_cors: {
>   // allow_origins_without_credentials specifies the allowed origins for requests
>   // that don't include credentials. If nil it defaults to allowing all domains
>   // (equivalent to ["*"]).
>   "allow_origins_without_credentials": [
>     "<ORIGIN-GOES-HERE>"
>   ],
> 
>   // allow_origins_with_credentials specifies the allowed origins for requests
>   // that include credentials. If a request is made from an Origin in this list
>   // Encore responds with Access-Control-Allow-Origin: <Origin>.
>   //
>   // The URLs in this list may include wildcards (e.g. "https://*.example.com"
>   // or "https://*-myapp.example.com").
>   "allow_origins_with_credentials": [
>     "<DOMAIN-GOES-HERE>"
>   ]
> }
> ```
> 
> More information on CORS configuration can be found here: https://encore.dev/docs/develop/cors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handling CORS
If you are running into CORS issues when calling your Encore API from your frontend you may need to specify which origins are allowed to access your API (via browsers). Do this by specifying the `global_cors` key in the `encore.app` file, which has the following structure:

```json
global_cors: {
  // allow_origins_without_credentials specifies the allowed origins for requests
  // that don't include credentials. If nil it defaults to allowing all domains
  // (equivalent to ["*"]).
  "allow_origins_without_credentials": [
    "<ORIGIN-GOES-HERE>"
  ],

  // allow_origins_with_credentials specifies the allowed origins for requests
  // that include credentials. If a request is made from an Origin in this list
  // Encore responds with Access-Control-Allow-Origin: <Origin>.
  //
  // The URLs in this list may include wildcards (e.g. "https://*.example.com"
  // or "https://*-myapp.example.com").
  "allow_origins_with_credentials": [
    "<DOMAIN-GOES-HERE>"
  ]
}
```

See more in the [CORS configuration docs](/docs/develop/cors).
```
